PLAT-132612: Fix SpotlightRootDecorator to show focus effect when enter key is pressed in touch mode (#2892)
enactjs/enact: CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact project, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Fixed

> - `spotlight/SpotlightRootDecorator` to change non touch mode when `enter` key is down in touch mode

Reviewer: Please write the changelog under packages/spotlight/CHANGELOG.md.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `spotlight/SpotlightRootDecorator` to show focus effect when `enter` key is pressed in touch mode
```

Author: Fix it. Thanks~
